ci: split e2e test from release pipeline (#18)
GoogleCloudPlatform/vertex-pipelines-end-to-end-samples: cloudbuild/README.md

## Overview

There are five CI/CD pipelines

1. `pr-checks.yaml` - runs pre-commit checks and unit tests on the custom KFP components, and checks that the ML pipelines (training and prediction) can compile.

> 1. `e2e-test.yaml` - copies the "assets" folders to the chosen GCS destination (versioned by git commit hash) and runs end-to-end tests of the training and prediction pipeline.
> 1. `release.yaml` - compiles training and prediction pipelines, then copies the compiled pipelines and their respective "assets" folders to the chosen GCS destination (versioned by git tag).
> 1. `terraform-plan.yaml` - Checks the Terraform configuration under `envs/<env>` (i.e. `envs/test` or `envs/prod`), and produces a summary of any proposed changes that will be applied on merge to the main branch. Out of the box, this just includes Cloud Scheduler jobs used to schedule your ML pipelines.
> 1. `terraform-apply.yaml` - Applies the Terraform configuration under `envs/<env>` (i.e. `envs/test` or `envs/prod`). Out of the box, this just includes Cloud Scheduler jobs used to schedule your ML pipelines.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. `e2e-test.yaml` - copies the "assets" folders to the chosen GCS destination (versioned by git commit hash) and runs end-to-end tests of the training and prediction pipeline.
3. `release.yaml` - compiles training and prediction pipelines, then copies the compiled pipelines and their respective "assets" folders to the chosen GCS destination (versioned by git tag).
4. `terraform-plan.yaml` - Checks the Terraform configuration under `envs/<env>` (i.e. `envs/test` or `envs/prod`), and produces a summary of any proposed changes that will be applied on merge to the main branch. Out of the box, this just includes Cloud Scheduler jobs used to schedule your ML pipelines.
5. `terraform-apply.yaml` - Applies the Terraform configuration under `envs/<env>` (i.e. `envs/test` or `envs/prod`). Out of the box, this just includes Cloud Scheduler jobs used to schedule your ML pipelines.
```

Reviewer: Ah coolio :-)
